welcome my name is Sophia and now I'm
going to talk about now you see me stage
magician J Daniel Atlas finds a card in
his shoe which leads him to a mysterious
building Daniel's former assistant
Henley Reeves master hypnotist Merritt
McKinney and local magician Jack Wilder
are also given cards leading to the
building they're the four discover a set
of blueprints and a list of instructions
by their unknown benefactor a year later
the four have their first major
performance as the four horsemen in an
elaborate Las Vegas show funded by
insurance magnate Arthur Tressler their
final trick appears to transport one of
the audience members to the vault of his
bank the credit Republican in Paris
where stacks of new euro bills are
stored at the magicians command the fans
in the vault
activate drawing the bills into the
vents and then showering the Las Vegas
crowd with them the euros are shown to
be real and the vault in Paris is found
to be empty of its recent shipment of
euros FBI agent Dylan Rhodes an Interpol
agent Alma dray are then partnered to
investigate the horseman the to question
the magicians but have no evidence to
hold them Dylan and Alma turned to fatty
as Bradley a former magician and now a
popular video host who makes millions of
dollars exposing the tricks behind magic
acts
Thaddeus demonstrates how the horsemen
used a mock vault under the Las Vegas
stage and explains that the group must
have stolen the money in Paris before it
arrived at the bank and replaced it with
flash paper which ignited but left no
residue as evidence Dylan Alma and
Thaddeus follow the horsemen to their
next show in New Orleans
their final trick appears to transfer
over 140 million dollars from tres les
private accounts to those in the
audience made up of people that were
denied insurance claims bite wrestlers
company in the wake of Hurricane Katrina
Dylan and Alma attempt to apprehend the
fourth but the magician's elude arrest
Tressler highest adieus to expose the
horseman in revenge for the loss of his
money
Alma investigates the horsemen and
determines they are connected to a group
called the I a small group of magicians
that claim to have access to real magic
and only accept the best of the best
magicians who have to be invited and
passed tests she finds out that one of
the eyes members Lionel Shrike had
previously been exposed by fattiest but
died in a locked safe escape trick he
was performing in an attempt to regain
his standing Alma suspects a fifth
person is aiding the horseman Dylan
discovers his cell phone has been stolen
and bugged by the horseman allowing them
to access the FBI servers and remain
ahead of the investigation tracking the
real phone leads the FBI to a New York
City apartment
when they raided three of the horsemen
escaped while Jack recovers numerous
documents and then leads the authorities
on a high-speed car chase jack loses
control of his car causing it to flip
and catch fire
Dylan is unable to save jack but manages
to recover the papers pointing to the
Horseman's next planned crime stealing
millions of dollars in cash out of a
large safe of the elkhorn company by the
time Dylan Alma and fattiest find the
safe it had just been stolen and loaded
into a truck they quickly apprehend the
truck arrange for it to be delivered to
it's arranged destination and Dylan
hides inside
but when it arrives and is opened by
Bradley and his assistant it contains
nothing but balloon animals revealing it
to be a decoy the horsemen broadcast
that they will perform their final show
that night at Five Points inviting the
public to attend the FBI and police
converge on the scene and amid the chaos
search for the horseman the remaining
horsemen appear to the crowd giving
their fans a farewell and a message
about an ulterior purpose and then run
to jump off a roof villain attempts to
shoot them but Alma pushes his arm so he
misses the three horsemen jump turning
into a shower of money over the crowd
the money is counterfeit but the
audience's race to collect it prevents
the authorities from tracking the real
horsemen after the show Thaddius walks
to his car only to find it full of the
money stolen from the real Elkhorn safe
which is later revealed to have never
been stolen from the company but was
really hidden behind a giant mirror to
make it look like it was gone assumed to
be the fifth Horseman he is arrested
Dillon speaks - Thaddeus in jail where
Thaddeus slowly comes to realize that
Alma's theory was correct and Dylan was
the fifth Horseman Dylan quietly walks
away leaving fattiest shouting white
elsewhere the horsemen including Jack
who had faked his death using a Kadabra
and a duplicate car meet at the carousel
in Central Park and used their tarot
cards to turn it on
Dylan arrives and welcomes the four to
the AI later at the Pont des Arts
Dylan meets with Alma and reveals that
he is shrikes son he brought the
horsemen together to get retribution for
his father's death the elkhorn safe
company for providing a faulty safe that
led to the accident fattiest for
humiliating and impoverishing his father
and forcing him to try the new trick to
regain his standing
the credit Republican and Tressler
insurance companies for failing to pay
out on tracks life insurance Alma who
has come into a romantic relationship
with Dylan easily decides not to turn
him in she takes a lock and a key that
Dylan produces attaches the lock among
the other love locks on the railing and
throws the key into the sin in a
post-credits scene the horseman driving
through a desert approached a junkyard
full of old magician memorabilia before
getting out of their car and slowly
beginning to examine the area before
coming upon a set of locked crates
covered in the symbol of the eye but
without their playing cards to open them
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]